---
layout: archive
title: "CV"
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

Education
======
* M.S. in Northwestern Polytechnical University, 2024
* B.S. in Henan University, 2020

Project experience
======
* Spring 2024: Design and implementation of pavement crack detection algorithm based on yolov8
  * Project Description : Normalize the images in the dataset, adjust the brightness, contrast, saturation and sharpness of the images to do data augmentation, and use different sizes of input images to improve the model's ability to detect cracks of different sizes and to improve the model's generalization ability. The YOLOv8 network is modified, and the CBAM attention mechanism is added to the backbone of the network architecture to enhance the model's attention to features of different scales.
  * Technical Description : Using the Adam optimizer, the convergence speed of the model is improved, using the metrics of Map-50, the detection effectiveness of the model is evaluated, using the method of P-R curve, the detection performance of the model is demonstrated, and the model is calculated on the test set . The average accuracy of the model on the test set is 0.82.
* Summer 2023: Sequential and Adversarial Model-Based Object Trajectory Prediction in Driverless Scenarios
  * Project Description : Using yolov5 pedestrian detection and extracting the corresponding features, DeepSORT algorithm is applied for pedestrian tracking to ensure the continuity and accuracy of the trajectory. An LSTM model is designed and trained to predict future trajectories and then the predictions are used as input to the GAN generator. The GAN discriminator evaluates the generated trajectories and provides feedback to the generator. The discriminator tries to distinguish between real trajectories and those generated by the generator. The generator uses the feedback from the discriminator to optimize its generated trajectories.
  * Technical architecture: yolov5 LSTM GAN neural network
  
Skills
======
* Familiar with the development and training of deep learning models using the PyTorch framework, and familiar with common network architectures in computer vision.
* Familiar with Java front and back-end project development process, familiar with spring boot, vue and other development frameworks. Learned to use Git and familiar with basic computer knowledge.
* Familiar with Linux system operation, including Ubuntu and CentOS, and system installation, configuration and troubleshooting. Maintained network equipment, including configuring H3C routers, layer 3 switches, implementing VLANs, static routing and dynamic routing protocols.

Publications
======
 
